Night skies and tales spun from candied sugar - you listened to an entire world I had built in my head, laughed on cue, smiled in position. Love had never felt like a breath of fresh air before, friendship had never tasted like freedom. 
And when I raged at the world, you took every punch without flinching for a single second. I screamed and set everything on fire and you stood there with a blanket around me lest the flames licked too close. What made you stay? 
We talked about the universe and the stars and the lines on our palms. If there was a forever, I wanted mine to be with you. If the tales of oceans and skies were ever written, I wanted to write mine with you. 
Is this what home feels like? Scarred palms and chipped nails. That’s what we were and yet we fit. Your hand in mine, that’s what coming back from war must feel like, what conquering the peak of a mountain must taste like. What made me stay ? 
Starkissed lullabies of fallen heroes and ancient kings. you remind me of the single second as time bends itself over before a sword hits its mark. You are the terror and the wonder of the battlefield as it holds its breath. In anticipation, in a desperate desire for peace, in a striking memory of the universe coming to life. 
Rustic metal that sounds like songs of victory and conquest. You remind me of the silence that is demanded of a graveyard – buried under bones of dragons and dreams. You are the last prayer whispered before the candles blow out, you are the speed that carries a king home, the wine that comforts his people as their hands tremble in the wake of a war they never fought 
Thunder-crackling myths that flash hunters and beasts in the nightsky. You remind me of the paths carved by forbearing rivers, in mountains, in cities, in the midst of gods descending to earth. You are the dream that breaths life into withered lungs. You are the light that travels thousands of miles to make a home in eyes, in smiles, in the fingertips of artists and inventors
The callouses of your hands get stuck in their wounds. Only to brush past them when the skin heals over. There is no justice for the blade that carves the rock. There is no solace for the fire that tempers the glass. So you sit back and wait for the next soul that drifts off its course. Where is the peace you were promised?
You remind me of all the stories I could not put down in words – the ink hidden under the halfmoons of my nails, the scribbled lines tucked in the corner of my pages. You are every wish shooting across the sky. You are every hope that sinks to the bottom of the ocean. You are everything the Universe conspired against and everything it could not conspire for
Eyes meeting, breaths clashing, hands reaching- I see you walking out into the parking lot and it feels like my heart remembers you like it’s every artery and chamber that echoes with the sounds of your footsteps - footsteps that I can find in a herd of strangers bustling through the streets of Times Square - streets that are lined with the hopes of memories I wish to build with you - memories that are sewn into the seams of a shirt that was once a caller Id - a call that lasts forever as both of us fall asleep to the sounds of each other’s breaths and the static of our phones. 
They say love is blind, but your are not the unforgiving sun with its perpetual light. You are not the raging ocean unseeingly drowning sailors. There is nothing cruel about your beauty - but that does not mean you are anything but a force of nature capable of tearing apart worlds. You are not cruel, but that does not mean I do not kiss death every time you flash your eyes at me. Love is not blind, but you sure make the rest of the world disappear when you smile at
When I have a million things to say to you, they become like fireflies let lose above a crystal lake, scattered and warped on the water surface And sometimes I feel like a science experiment, a solution inside a centrifuge with zero errors in my measurements. So everything I say is a little off the mark, a little too much or a little too less- and I never know which one it is. 
In an alternate universe, we live in the blushing expanse of the skies. Our breaths are measured on a chess board and on opposite ends of the starting line. We dance back and forth in numbers and challenges and strategies. we play each other rather than the game - we find victory, triumph and defeat in each other 
In an alternate universe, we mark every corner of the world with our tales. We live from airport to airport and sit in hidden corners with our heads against each other’s. We sign love letters on our tickets and hide them in backpacks which will never stay packed for too long 
Loving someone feels like home, like a pair of warm arms wrapped around you in an embrace filled with sunshine and cherry blossoms. Loving someone is holding a hand that you’ve known your entire life - or at least it feels like it. Like you’ve known a person from every angle and latitude and adored it all.
Loving someone is a path getting shorter and shorter because you’ve travelled it so many times. Like the highway that swallows up time when they’re next to you. 
Loving someone feels like smiling right before a joke because you know the laughter that will follow. It’s meeting someone’s gaze from across the room and sharing a secret, a thought - yourself. 
Falling in love feels like every new place you’ve ever travelled, like the lightest graze of a touch that takes the shape of thoughts that send fireflies inside your stomach. Falling for someone feels like you could know this person forever - you want to, you want to say things you’ve never said before, do things you’ve never done before, be things you’ve never been - but the words become a restless gaze across a crowd instead. Your fluttering hands become excuses to touch the mole on their ear, your stumbling feet become a ballroom of 3am thoughts you want to spill into them. Falling in love feels like irrational thoughts driving at 200 km/h with the emergency brakes lying in the back seat. Your heart pounds with the speed and the haze - but you can’t stop. You don’t want to. 
I once told you that I loved sunrises. And the day we stayed up till 7am and stumbled across the rising sun mid-conversation. I fell in love with the way your eyes lit up under the shy tendrils of the sleepy sun. How they were more alive than the very core of the burning star in our sky. How despite the beauty of that sky, your eyes stayed on me.
She feels it thrumming inside her. It’s always been there, lingering in unspoken words and languages that sound savage on her tongue. She always thought it was fire. Something burning and scorching inside her. Turning everything into black soot and ashes. It had to be right? It had to be the fury that razed down Sodom and Gomorrah. The fury that strikes down from the sky, turns trees into charred wood.
But it feels like the slow burning of jumping into a frozen lake instead. It is ice and frost and winter nights under the brutal sky. It is a bed of snow and shivering of withered bones under the quacking leaves of a pine tree. It is the cold nothingness of empty space. 
Her hands tremble and become talons of glass. Her feet swim in the thickness of emotion that she cannot describe, her throat clogs up in screams, becomes as silent as poison and blooming of midnight flower. Her lips bleed silver, take the shape of sharp edged knives carved from bones. Her breaths become still, as still as the vacuum of utter darkness. Her spine hardens into the steel of a thousand soldiers.
Do you not feel the colors bounce off me, strip me away from the black and white of the world and chew me inside a massive stellar contraption of wielding light? When your hands scribble poetry in expansive attempts to capture my beauty, and the way my hands fit in yours without ever really meaning to, do the words do us any justice? 
Tell me, if my bones turn into starlight one day, would your soul ever forget the way my eyes burn like dragon fire under the sun or the way my jaw works every time I try hiding my smiles from you ? Would the absence of our exploding selves ever fill in the way our eyes meet in a crowd of cluttering birds readying for flight ? Tell me, if our souls had not found each other in the way the sun finds the sky, would we have wandered right off the edge of the world, never knowing that the Earth was round?
You jumped headfirst into a lake once. You still feel that sea-salt water flowing in the caverns of your lungs. Is it air that you yearn for or the silence at the bottom of that lake? Are you waiting to catch sunlight at the rippling surface or for the moonlight to catch you at midnight ?
Forgiveness tastes like spilt wine on the steps of a temple ruins. Like begging for mercy from an exploding sun. You are not meant to be here, child. You are not meant to be alive. 
If being human is a flaw, then everything beautiful in this world was born out of a mistake never fully corrected. If our hearts could only love perfect things then why have we not waged war for every straight line ever drawn? 
It’s a buried tomb. A brewing storm, waiting for me to light the match. There is too much in this world to be angry at and too many people to silence us for that anger not to fester inside us. 
My fatal flaw is curiosity. I will follow my questioning mind to the depths of the ocean. Open every pandora’s box to search for answers. I will sow disaster in my own garden and wait for my bones to wither. 
On the days I feel nothing I am a deep sea diver who knows not how to swim, but simply to sink, floating in the very substance that is sixty percent me. Every new depth is like a whisper in my ears murmuring in a language I’ve long yearned to learn.  
On the days I feel everything I am a survivor coming home to a broken world. My lungs become an abyss with an end attached to the back of my hand. I try touching my finger with my finger and weep when it breaks. My body is a map of a planet without a sun, No matter how hard I search for the X I always feel it everywhere.
On the days where I am the white flag waving in the smoke filled sky of a battlefield I do not know where I stand. I am the string tying the question to the answer and the answer to the solution and the solution to the concept and the concept to- I do not know anymore. I try looking for the answers in my hands. But my fingers wound around the question instead.
To the boy who never broke Only bent into jagged pieces one by one. You have stood with trembling rage for too long. Your long-limbed fingers and too sharp elbows are tainted with dirt and grim of all the graves you have dug beside yours. Where is the crown you were promised?  
To the girl who cried too many tears, but never for herself. You have seen so much. Your parched throat aches every time you hold back the emotion. You drown in the salvation of men. And rise with every falling star. How will you find your way back home ?   
To the boy with smiles like the dying sun. Where have you learned such defeat? You charge head first into battles -  bleeding and blind. Where have you learned such desperation?  
Tell me how you want to conquer the sun. And wear the rings of Saturn as your crown. Tell me how you want your skin to be sewn with the colours of Mercury and Venus. You know how it burns to be too close to something so beautiful. You’ve felt the poison beneath the beauty of Love. And the love for beauty  
Tell me how your heart is shaped like Pluto Achingly familiar And yet You feel as if it’s is shrinking into a long forgotten name once listed down by every young soul. Now it’s a sign board at the edge of a town only printed on paper maps. Google chokes on the estranged vowels twisting around its tongue. Heck, even the map is in a language long forgotten by men. With convergence lines meeting on water and skies and electric fields. You rather fancy the idea of turning your heart into the ocean. Just so you can drown lovers in its majestic depth  
Tell me how your mind wanders all too often, never on a straight path How it travels in a question mark more than a statement  Tell me how your nerves pulse with all the curiosity strumming inside you And you’re afraid time would never be enough for all the places you want to become
Tell me how your hands beg to touch cold waters, and soft palms and the rightness of a lover beside you How every one of the 27 bones in your hand aches at the loss of everything they’ll never know How every next moment you are a new you With more than a billion new cells to replace the old ones If your body is never what it was 90 seconds ago Then maybe there is a combination of you that isn’t just dust and bones  
Tell me how your feet ache from not touching enough earth, enough asphalt, enough clouds One fourth of the bones in your body- all that calcium and phosphate and collegian All wasted on walking on eggshells and Persian rugs Why is the rhythm of your feet so reticent? Why are you not walking on war drums and frozen lakes ? 
Tell me how every stranger you’ve made a home has left a library of insecurities in their absence Tell me how every time you held your heart out to them, They painted their canvases red with your blood dripping on the floor Tell me, tell me how you sat in the dark corner of your battered heart Filling your lungs with tears instead of oxygen How your hands scratched your skin raw trying to get them off you Trying to peel away all that dirt they left behind 
You are Atlas Holding the weight of all the voices inside your head Sometimes the thoughts get too much And your knees buckle You think of letting the sky go So the glowing stars might light up the darkness inside you Then you remember All the stars are just burning and dying And you already have too many dead bodies inside you
You are a martyr Trying to save a dying race Your blood drips down the sharp peaks of your elbows You clench your jaw When the piercing cries clench your heart you suck in a breath before the glinting sword comes down at you And Your hands shake when you hold the little girl crying for her mother You are not used to something so fragile You've always had war clinging to you 
You are a genius With scattered pieces of paper under your pillow Your mind is a cosmic explosion of stars But among those glowing gases There's too much darkness  That is expanding for reasons you can't figure out You want too, though You want to become one with the universe And maybe you will  
This new life is a weak-willed flower No matter how many springs it survives It will always remain a winter flower 
I feel as if I'm in a path between completeness and brokenness. Not quite broken to be fixed, but not quite complete to be whole. The cracks, they just stay there, waiting to be split open so they can, finally, heal. And I'm afraid, I don't know how to quite break enough- if not completely and utterly. All I'm capable of is being ruined beyond repair. So I just stay here.  
He thought how anyone could ever not stop and stare when she laughed like that . Like how you'd tell someone to turn up the radio because your favourite song was on. Or how your gaze would freeze and stare when a shooting star would run wild through our skies. Her laugh was what he imagined peace would sound like if it was a sound.
So this is how it goes You rage and you think And those thoughts suffocate you, beat you bloody and leave you empty You rage at that irrationality Rage at what you’ve become When did these battles become a blind fight to the death 
Knowledge is poisonous for those who do not know how to handle it. Not everyone knows how to swing a double edged blade, or to hold the fragility of a ticking time bomb, or even how to see the stars up close and not turn to ash. God forbid every common man started really understanding you, what would become of this world ?
Love makes everything a bit steward, like the earth tilted off its axis. A bit too right to be perfectly imperfect, a bit too round to be familiar. 
"My hands flutter like butterflies taking flight as our eyes meet across a parking lot. We are a cascade of impulse and reason and memories. Fleeting gazes filled with longing, tempered proximity disguised as lies, interlocked hands in flashing cinemas. We are stolen moments and forgotten letters."
"There are empty corridors where the first rays of sunlight flitter through like muffled laughter and shy glances. I was promised a battlefield and was met with hazel and green glinting under the afternoon sun"
"I  once loved the way the sun yawned over the horizon But now I have seen your eyes in the early morning And I have not been able wash away their beauty since then."